Man: ATTENTION, WE WILL BE
ARRIVING AT THE TARGET ZONE
IN JUST A FEW MINUTES.
Pegasus:
HOW EXHILARATING
TO THINK THAT WE'LL
SOON BE
FACE TO FACE
WITH THE RAINBOW
DRAGON'S STONE TABLET,
AND ONCE WE POSSESS IT,
WE CAN USE ITS POWER
TO RESCUE JADEN
AND THE OTHERS
AND RETURN THEM BACK
TO OUR WORLD.
PEGASUS, I'M SURPRISED
AT HOW EXCITED YOU ARE.
I MEAN, YOU'VE WORKED
WITH SO MANY
MONSTERS BEFORE,
AND YET THIS TABLET
SEEMS SO SPECIAL.
WELL, YOU SEE,
THE RAINBOW DRAGON
HAS BEEN LOST
FOR HUNDREDS
OF YEARS,
ITS WHEREABOUTS
A MYSTERY
TO THE WORLD!
THE STONE TABLET
EVEN MANAGED
TO ELUDE MY
ARCHEOLOGICAL TEAM,
UNTIL NOW!
AND WITH IT
WE CAN GET YOU
YOUR DUEL ACADEMY!
I SEE.
NOW LET'S HOPE THIS
PLAN OF YOURS WORKS OUT.
BECAUSE IF IT DOESN'T,
WE MAY NEVER BE ABLE
TO GET THE STUDENTS
BACK FROM THAT
ALTERNATE DIMENSION!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Man: GENTLEMEN, WE HAVE
ESTABLISHED VISUAL CONTACT
WITH OUR LANDING SITE.
WE SHOULD BE
ON THE GROUND MOMENTARILY.
AH. AT LAST.
THE STONE TABLET'S JUST
DOWN HERE, MR. PEGASUS.
HUH?
THIS MUST BE IT!
IT'S REMARKABLE!
I DIDN'T REALIZE YOU HAD
ALREADY STARTED EXCAVATING.
WE HAVEN'T. HMM.
I THOUGHT YOU MIGHT
POP UP AGAIN, MS. ECHO.
SO YOU AND THE GECKO
FINANCIAL GROUP
SOMEHOW BEAT US
TO THE DISCOVERY.
IT APPEARS YOU'VE BEEN
QUITE THE BUSY BEE.
I'LL SAY!
THANKS FOR THE HELP
IN GETTING
THINGS STARTED.
BUT IF ITS OK
WITH YOU, WE'LL
TAKE OVER FROM HERE,
NOW PLEASE
MOVE ALONG.
NOT A CHANCE.
THIS TABLET IS
NOW THE PROPERTY
OF THE GECKO
FINANCIAL GROUP.
SAY WHAT?
MY DEAR SWEET ECHO.
WHY MUST WE BE
SO SELFISH?
THERE'S ALWAYS ROOM
FOR NEGOTIATION.
ESPECIALLY WHEN WE
CAN BOTH BENEFIT
FROM A MEETING
OF THE MINDS.
NOW IF WE WORK
TOGETHER TO
EXCAVATE THE TABLET,
WE CAN USE ITS POWER
TO BRING BACK OUR SCHOOL
AND YOUR FRIEND.
SO YOU SEE IT'S
A WIN WIN SITUATION.
NO! NOBODY'S WINNING
ANYTHING TODAY!
SIMMER DOWN, BOYS.
IT'S JUST A REMOTE
SWITCH OF SOME KIND.
LOOK! IT APPEARS SHE'S
BOOBY-TRAPPED
THE PERIMETER
WITH SHORT CIRCUIT
TRAP CARDS.
WHAT DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE DOING?
I'M DESTROYING
THE STONE TABLET!
[ALL GASP]
HEH.
CAN YOU FEEL
THEIR POWER, ADRIAN?
OH! SO IT IS TRUE.
THAT'S RIGHT, ADRIAN.
WITHIN THIS CASE LIE
THE THREE SACRED BEASTS.
AND WHY DO YOU
WANT THEM?
JUST WHAT ARE
YOU AFTER HERE?
MORE POWER!
WHAT DO YOU THINK!?
POWER FOR WHAT?
SO I CAN HAVE
MY REVENGE.
[THINKING]
ONCE I HAVE
THE THREE SACRED BEASTS,
I'LL FINALLY HAVE ALL
THE PIECES I NEED
TO MAKE JADEN PAY
FOR THE PAIN HE
HAS CAUSED ME.
QUESTION--WHAT ABOUT
THE AGREEMENT WE HAD?
YOU OWE ME!
OF COURSE. BUT WHAT IF
I COULD OFFER YOU MORE?
IF YOU DUEL ME
AND YOU WIN,
THE THREE SACRED
BEAST CARDS IN THIS CASE
WILL BE ALL YOURS.
WITH THEM YOU COULD
EVEN RULE THIS WORLD.
WHAT'S IT GONNA BE,
ADRIAN?
I HOPE YOU'RE READY
TO LOSE!
THOSE CARDS ARE
GONNA BE ALL MINE.
LET'S DO THIS!
FINE THEN!
GAME ON!
GET READY TO LOSE.
I DRAW!
AND SUMMON MAD RELOADER
IN DEFENSE MODE.
AND THEN I PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
HMM.
HEH HEH HEH!
Jaden, thinking:
I GOTTA FIND MARCEL
BEFORE HE GETS THOSE
SACRED BEASTS.
DUEL.
HUH? OH!
SY!
HEY, JADEN.
LET'S DUEL. DUEL.
DUEL ME, JADEN.
LET GO.
DUEL.
DUEL ME NOW.
NO MORE!
Bastion: NOW REMEMBER
WHAT EISENSTEIN SAID.
WE NEED TO GET
TO THE TENNIS COURTS!
Hassleberry:
YOU HEARD THE MAN,
NOW LET'S
TRIPLE TIME IT!
THIS IS SO AWESOME!
I'M FINALLY GONNA MEET
RAINBOW DRAGON.
NOT IF WE
DON'T GET PAST
THE DUEL GHOULS!
MUST DUEL.
BLUE BERET--4 O'CLOCK!
ON IT!
DUEL GHOULS--DEAD AHEAD!
TAKE 'EM!
WE HAVE TO HURRY.
WE'VE GOTTA REACH
THE COURTS
OR WE'LL ALL BE
DUEL GHOULS!
COME ON,
PICK UP THE PACE.
Alexis: I DON'T THINK I CAN
RUN ANY FASTER!
DUEL.
DUEL ME NOW.
THERE'S TOO MANY.
MON DIEU!
WE'RE DONE FOR!
WE'RE
THE GROWN-UPS.
WE HAVE TO ACT
LIKE IT.
NOW WE HAVE TO
STALL THESE GHOULS
SO THE KIDS
HAVE A CHANCE.
IT'S TIME TO STEP UP
AND DUEL.
ALRIGHT, SHOW
ME WHAT YOU GOT,
YOU BUNCH
OF MINDLESS
DROOLING BRATS.
WHAT'S THE BIG DEAL?
THEY'RE JUST A BUNCH
OF DUEL GHOULS.
IT'S NOT AS
THOUGH THEY'LL GET
THEIR FEELINGS HURT.
WILL YOU BE OK?
WE WILL BE FINE.
I'LL BE HERE WITH HIM.
WE'RE GONNA GIVE
THOSE GHOULS
A DOUBLE DOSE OF DET--
BONAPARTE,
YOU CANNOT STAY
AND DUEL WITH ME.
FOR YOU SEE, YOU
MUST GET THE KIDS
TO THE TENNIS
COURTS.
ARE YOU SURE
ABOUT THIS?
IT COULD BE DANGEROUS.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO
WORRY ABOUT ME.
I'M GOING TO SCHOOL
THESE GHOULS
IN THE ART
OF DUELING!
IT'S TIME.
NOW OFF YOU ALL GO!
BE STRONG, CROWLER.
COME ON, KIDS.
RUN FOR YOUR LIVES!
THANK YOU!
TAKE 'EM DOWN.
SEE YOU SOON!
GOOD ON 'YA!
YOU SURE
'BOUT THIS?
MM-HMM.
GOOD LUCK!
ALRIGHT, THEN.
CLASS IS NOW IN SESSION.
MUST DUEL.
Pegasus: ECHO,
WHATEVER IT IS YOU'RE
TRYING TO ACCOMPLISH,
I'M SURE THERE'S A--
Echo: DON'T TAKE
ANOTHER STEP, PAL!
I'M SERIOUS, PEGASUS!
TAKE YOUR MEN
AND GET OUTTA HERE.
OR THIS TABLET'S
REALLY GONNA BE HISTORY.
OK, NOW, LET'S
TALK ABOUT THIS.
YOU CAN'T DESTROY
THE TABLET.
HEAR ME OUT.
IF YOU EVER
WANT TO SEE
YOUR FRIEND AGAIN,
YOU MUST
RETHINK THIS.
THERE'S NOTHING
TO THINK ABOUT.
THE TRUTH IS, I DON'T
WANT HIM TO COME BACK.
BUT WHY!?
IT'S MY TURN.
I DRAW.
NOW I ACTIVATE
A SPELL CARD--
SUMMON CLOUD.
WITH IT I CAN
CALL UP A LEVEL
4-OR-BELOW
CLOUDIAN MONSTER
FROM MY HAND.
LOOKS LIKE THERE'S
A STORM BREWING.
AND SPEAKING
A'STORMS,
THIS NEXT MOVE'S
GONNA BLOW YOU AWAY.
FIRST I'M GONNA PLAY
CLOUDIAN SHEEP CLOUD!
AND THEN I'LL ACTIVATE
THE EXPLODING CLOUD
SPELL CARD.
NOW I CAN DESTROY
ONE MONSTER
ON THE FIELD
IN ATTACK MODE
AND THEN TAKE DAMAGE
EQUAL TO THAT CARD'S
ATTACK POINTS.
WITH MY SHEEP CLOUD
HAVING ZERO
ATTACK POINTS,
I'M SAFE 'CAUSE MY LIFE
POINTS TAKE NO DAMAGE.
BUT WITH SHEEP CLOUD
COUNTING SHEEP
IN MY GRAVEYARD,
I CAN SUMMON TWO
SHEEP CLOUD TOKENS,
AND AFTER THAT,
I'LL SACRIFICE
BOTH CLOUD TOKENS
TO CALL FORTH...
CLOUDIAN EYE
OF THE TYPHOON
IN ATTACK MODE!
NOW, EYE OF THE TYPHOON,
ATTACK HIS MAD RELOADER!
YA SEE, WHEN EYE
OF THE TYPHOON SENDS
A STORM ONTO THE FIELD,
IT SWITCHES
EVERY MONSTER'S
BATTLE POSITION.
SO NOW YOUR
RELOADER'S
IN DEFENSE MODE.
SO I'LL ATTACK.
GO PERFECT STORM!
NICE MOVE BUT WHEN
RELOADER GETS DESTROYED
IN BATTLE,
I'M ALLOWED TO TAKE
TWO CARDS FROM MY HAND,
SEND 'EM TO MY DECK,
AND THEN DRAW
TWO NEW CARDS.
AND THEN I HAVE TO
REDUCE
MY EYE OF THE TYPHOON'S
ATTACK POINTS
ALL THE WAY DOWN
TO TWENTY-FIVE HUNDRED.
FINALLY I PLAY
A FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
WELL PLAYED,
JUST AS I HAD EXPECTED.
I KNEW THIS DUEL WOULD BE
A GREAT CHALLENGE.
YOUR WISH TO ACQUIRE
THE SACRED BEASTS
HAS YOU FOCUSED
MORE THAN EVER.
BUT WHY DO YOU
NEED SUCH POWER?
WHAT CAN YOU
HOPE TO GAIN?
PERHAPS IT'S NOT WHAT
THE POWER CAN GIVE YOU
BUT RATHER WHAT THE POWER
CAN REPLACE.
Adrian: BEFORE
YOU WERE BORN,
I WAS HEIR
TO THE COMPANY.
BUT NOW
I'M A NOBODY.
ADRIAN, THAT'S
NOT TRUE.
Marcel: BUT IT WAS TRUE,
AND YET YOU CHOSE
TO STAND BY HIS SIDE
AND DO ALL THAT
AN OLDER BROTHER SHOULD DO.
YOU VOWED NEVER TO
HOLD IT AGAINST HIM.
IT WAS SO GOOD
OF YOU BOTTLE UP
YOUR TRUE FEELINGS.
AND IT'S SO CLEAR NOW
WHY YOU'RE FIGHTING
SO HARD FOR THIS POWER.
YOU'VE BEEN SECOND BEST
ALL YOUR LIFE.
AND NOW YOU WANT TO
BE NUMBER ONE.
IT'S JUST TOO BAD
THAT IT WILL LEAD
TO YOUR UNDOING.
THE ONLY UNDOING
THAT'S GONNA TAKE
PLACE DOWN HERE
IS ME UNDOING THE SEAL
THAT CONTAINS THOSE
SACRED BEASTS!
I'M WARNING YOU, PEGASUS.
IF YOU OR ANY
OF YOUR HENCHMEN
TAKE A STEP CLOSER,
I'M GONNA TURN THIS
RAINBOW DRAGON TABLET
INTO A PILE OF RUBBLE!
UNDERSTOOD.
BUT WHY RISK YOUR
FRIEND'S SAFE RETURN?
BECAUSE IN THIS WORLD,
POOR ADRIAN
WILL NEVER
TRULY BE HAPPY.
I HAVE BEEN HIS CLOSEST
FRIEND ALL HIS LIFE,
AND I KNOW THAT
HE IS BETTER OFF
IF HE NEVER RETURNS.
WHATEVER DO
YOU MEAN?
WHY WOULD ANYONE
BE BETTER OFF?
PLEASE, YOU MUST
LISTEN TO REASON!
NO! YOU SEE,
IF ADRIAN COMES BACK,
NOTHING CHANGES.
HE GOES ON AS NORMAL.
AND WHAT'S SO
WRONG WITH THAT?
HE WAS NOT
BORN TO SERVE.
ADRIAN
WAS BORN TO RULE.
COURAGE, INTELLIGENCE,
AND HONOR--
NOBODY HAS MORE,
AND NOBODY IS MORE
UNDERAPPRECIATED.
HE HAS SUCH VALUE!
ADRIAN CAN'T SEE,
BUT HE--
HE SHOULD HEAD
THE GECKO FINANCIAL GROUP.
AND THEN ONE DAY,
HE CAN RULE
THE ENTIRE WORLD!
OK. I WAS KIND OF WITH YOU
UNTIL THAT LAST BIT.
YOU JUST DON'T GET IT,
DO YOU?
THE WORLD NEEDS
PEOPLE LIKE ADRIAN.
HE'S A BORN LEADER,
AND HE KNOWS IT,
BUT STILL, HE STEPS DOWN.
HE SWALLOWS HIS PRIDE.
HE DOES EVERYTHING HIS
FAMILY TELLS HIM TO.
AND THEN IN RETURN,
HE ASKS FOR NOTHING FROM THEM.
AS LONG AS HE IS SECOND
IN LINE IN THIS WORLD,
ADRIAN WILL BE
ALWAYS BE OVERLOOKED.
HE'LL NEVER BE AS
GOOD AS HE CAN BE.
HE'S GOT TO LEARN TO
PUT HIMSELF FIRST.
IT'S FOR HIS OWN GOOD,
WHICH IS WHY I CAN'T
LET HIM RETURN HERE.
IT'S HIS CHOICE.
HE'S CONFUSED,
HIS CHOICES ARE IRRATIONAL.
ONCE HIS BROTHER WAS SICK,
AND NONE OF THE DOCTORS
COULD FIGURE OUT
WHAT WAS WRONG
WITH HIM,
BUT ADRIAN DID
BECAUSE HE'S
BRILLIANT.
HE COULD HAVE
DONE NOTHING.
WITH HIS BROTHER SICK,
HE WOULD'VE ONCE AGAIN
BECOME HEIR
TO THE GECKO FAMILY.
BUT INSTEAD...
Adrian: I NEED TO SAVE
MY BROTHER.
I KNOW WHAT'S
WRONG WITH HIM,
BUT THEY WON'T
LISTEN TO ME.
I BEG YOU--THE LIST
OF MEDICINES I GAVE YOU.
LET ME HAVE THEM, PLEASE.
MY BROTHER NEEDS THEM.
WITHOUT THEM,
HE WILL ONLY GET WORSE.
PLEASE. YOU MUST HELP ME.
YOU'RE AWAKE!
I'M SO GLAD YOU'RE OK.
HE COULD HAVE HAD IT--
THE GECKO COMPANY,
THE WHOLE WORLD--
BUT HE'S HIS
OWN WORST ENEMY,
WHICH IS WHY HE CAN
NEVER COME BACK HERE.
WHERE WERE WE?
AH, YES.
IT'S MY TURN,
AND I PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN,
AND THAT'S IT.
ADRIAN, IF YOU WANT POWER,
YOU HAVE TO EARN IT.
IN YOUR WORLD, THEY'VE
DENIED YOU THE GLORY
YOU DESERVE
FOR FAR TOO LONG.
BUT WE'RE NOT
IN YOUR WORLD ANYMORE.
WE'RE IN MY MINE.
AND I'M THE ONLY THING
STANDING
BETWEEN YOU
AND TRUE POWER.
HOLD NOTHING BACK!
BEAT ME IF YOU CAN!
I WON'T LET YOU USE
THIS TABLET, PEGASUS.
DESTROYING IT IS
THE ONLY GUARANTEE I HAVE
OF ENSURING ADRIAN
A BETTER LIFE.
SO SAY GOODBYE TO YOUR
PRECIOUS RAINBOW DRAGON!
DON'T DO IT!
DROP THE REMOTE.
ON MY MARK!
DON'T COME ANY CLOSER!
THIS IS YOUR LAST WARNING,
I'M NOT PLAYING AROUND!
NOW!
THAT'S HOW IT'S
DONE, BOYS!
PEGASUS!
I'M GONNA MAKE YOU PAY!
I'M SORRY, ADRIAN!
MY TURN!
READY?!
WITH THIS BEING
THE STANDBY PHASE,
I MUST TAKE A CARD
FROM MY HAND
AND SEND IT
TO MY GRAVEYARD,
OR ELSE SUMMON CLOUD
GETS DESTROYED,
BUT YA KNOW?
I THINK IT'S
SERVED ITS PURPOSE.
SO I'LL LET THIS
CLOUD DISSIPATE
AND KEEP
ALL MY CARDS.
NOW THAT I'VE
CLEARED THE AIR,
I THINK IT'S ONLY
FAIR FOR YOU TO DO
SO AS WELL.
SO FESS UP!
WHO ARE YOU AFTER?
HAS EVERYTHING
YOU'VE DONE ALL BEEN
ABOUT
GETTING REVENGE?
TELL ME!
HEH HEH HEH!
FINE, DON'T TALK.
LET'S SEE IF EYE
OF THE TYPHOON,
CAN GET SOME ANSWERS!
GO! PERFECT STORM!
THANKS FOR
THE PLEASANT BREEZE!
BUT MY NEXT MOVE
WILL BLOW YOU AWAY!
I'LL START BY REVEALING
MY TWO FACEDOWN CARDS
WHICH HAPPEN TO BOTH
BE BREAK THE SEAL
SPELL CARDS.
NOW BY SENDING 'EM
BOTH TO MY GRAVEYARD,
I CAN ADD A CARD TO MY HAND
AS LONG AS IT HAS
THE FORBIDDEN ONE
IN ITS NAME.
BLOWN AWAY YET?
FORBIDDEN ONE?!
NO WAY!
YOU'RE GONNA
SUMMON EXODIA?
WHAT?
WHAT IS THAT?!
WHAT'S HAPPENING!?
THE SACRED BEASTS
HAVE ESCAPED!
WHAT?
WE GOT TROUBLE!
[GROWLING]
THE SACRED BEASTS
ARE MYSTERIOUS CREATURES.
ESPECIALLY AROUND
THEIR NEW MASTER.
BUT DON'T WORRY,
THE SEAL HASN'T BEEN
BROKEN YET,
SO THEY CAN'T
STAY AROUND TOO LONG.
JUST LONG ENOUGH TO GIVE
YOU A WHIFF OF THEIR
AWESOME POWER.
[THINKING]
WHAT I SMELL IS
A RAT,
BUT SO HARD
TO RESIST.
NOW THEN, BACK
INTO YOUR CAGES
UNTIL I SAY SO,
MY PETS.
I THINK YOU'RE
SAFE NOW.
WAIT. HOLD UP!
WE'RE NOT DONE!
LET'S FINISH THIS!
AAH!
IF YOU HAD DRAWN
ONE MORE CARD
BY USING BREAK
THE SEAL,
YOU WOULD'VE
COMPLETED EXODIA!
AND YOU WOULD HAVE
WON THE DUEL.
THAT'S CORRECT.
BUT THIS DUEL WASN'T
ABOUT WINNING OR LOSING.
IT WAS TO SEE WHAT
YOU WERE MADE OF.
NOW I CAN STILL GIVE YOU
WHAT I PROMISED,
BUT YOU MUST WORK WITH ME
AND NOT AGAINST ME.
THREE SACRED BEASTS,
BREAK YOUR SEAL!
MY TURN.
MAN! HUH?
EVERYONE, ATTACK JADEN
AT THE SAME TIME!
[CHIRPS]
[GROANS]
WHAT A SWEET MOVE,
WINGED KURIBOH!
NOW LET'S GET
OUTTA HERE!
WAIT UP!
SORRY, SY!
GOTTA SAVE THE WORLD!
AW, MAN.
I CAN'T SEE.
JADEN'S ESCAPING.
WE MADE IT TO
THE TENNIS COURTS!
IT'S ALL CLEAR.
PERFECT. LET'S GET
A MOVE ON, GUYS!
THERE'S NO TIME
TO WASTE HERE!
AH! THIS IS THE INTERDIMENSIONAL
DUEL SYSTEM!
WE SHOULDN'T HAVE
THIS THING.
WHAT'S IT
DOING HERE?
WE, UH...
SORT OF BORROWED IT
FROM KAIBACORP
FOR EXPERIMENTAL
PURPOSES.
THE KIND I CAN'T
REALLY TALK ABOUT.
NOW THE CONTROL CONSOLE
IS OVER THERE.
NO WONDER EISENSTEIN
CHOSE THIS PLACE.
NOW LET'S SEE IF WE
CAN MAKE CONTACT.
ALRIGHT, PEOPLE--
LET ME GET THIS
THING UP AND RUNNING.
WHAT SHOULD
WE DO?
BASTION!
YOU NEED HELP?
LET'S GET THIS
INTO POSITION.
LEND US A HAND,
CHANCELLOR.
UH, YES, OF COURSE!
PROFESSOR EISENSTEIN!
COME IN!
WE'VE MADE IT SAFELY
TO THE TENNIS COURTS.
Eisenstein:
GOOD! VEMEMBAH,
ZHESE MACHINES
VILL ENABLE US TO TRANSFORM
AND HARNESS DUEL ENERGY
INTO A VIABLE POWER SOURCE.
VE MUST SYNCHRONIZE
OUR SYSTEMS IN ORDER
TO CONNECT
OUR DIMENSIONS!
YOU REALLY THINK
THIS WILL WORK?
IT BETTER.
IT WILL!
GOOD LUCK!
Hassleberry:
SHE'S GOOD T' GO!
ALRIGHT!
JESSE, GET READY TO DUEL!
HMM.
BLAIR, ENGAGE DUEL
SYNCHRONIZATION!
ENGAGED!
PROFESSOR, WE HAVE
VISUAL CONTACT!
WE'RE PREPARED
TO MOVE FORWARD!
GOOD, ZEN!
ZO MAKE SURE YOU'RE
DUELIST IZ IN PLACE.
LET'S BE QUICK.
TRANS-DIMENSIONAL
PORTALS ARE QUITE FICKLE!
READY?
WE'RE IN POSITION.
JESSE'S DUELING
ON OUR END.
AND WHO IS GOING TO
BE HIS OPPONENT?
ASTER, WILL IT BE YOU?
WE CHOSE
SOMEONE ELSE.
WE NEEDED A DUELIST
WHO WOULD GENERATE
ENOUGH ENERGY TO MAKE
THIS PORTAL BIG ENOUGH.
THE DECISION HERE
WAS UNANIMOUS.
WE REALIZED WE HAD TO FIND
SOMEONE WITH A COMPETITIVE
FIRE UNLIKE ANY OTHER.
WE NEEDED SOMEBODY THAT
DUELS TO WIN AND ONLY WIN.
SOMEONE WHO DUELS
WITH PASSION,
FEROCITY, AND FERVOR.
AND ONLY ONE MAN
FIT THE BILL.
HE'S READY AND WAITING
FOR YOU, JESSE!
IT'S ZANE!
GOOD SHOW!
ALRIGHT! INITIALIZE
ZHE SYNCHRONIZATION!
YES, SIR!
ANDERSON! WE CAN'T HOLD
ANYTHING BACK!
THE ONLY WAY TO GENERATE
ENOUGH ENERGY
IS TO DUEL LIKE
WE'RE MORTAL ENEMIES!
AND THAT'S JUST WHAT
I PLAN ON DOING!
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ WELL, TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪